Hey guys, how are you? Thank you.
We 're here to do a tutorial on
skin preparation for the night or if it is
To you, I usually do it when I
going out to a party or something
of the type that is at night then requires
a slightly better prepared skin
so with high coverage products
good duration and everything else then all this
you will see a video today it has
a special something special because
I'll be using this brush kit on
tutorial then all I'm going to do is
my skin there are already six here and
get the one that plays have a link
dot com half now in the box
information are five facial brushes
for you to pass products on your face and
I find it incredible so the quality are
much easier I will never think
more on sic this for you a tutorial
and let's get started then I started to
Take the corrective one that I use today.
I take care of children to get out of the
in green color and 20 which is my color and
I caught him with a kiss him home that is
more appropriate to do this I get
directly from the pot and clicking
dark circles and has a very
good with you can see and it leaves the
Finishing is cool because it's one thing
shining no collective uli hoeness
and mail pass here on the bridge in the nose to
Give a little tune I do not want
stay thus avoided striking then the
we go up in the basis because it
Did you like the base I installed?
use
I also want to know that mac dowell b
She's very good coverage of her.
perfect for the night and she has
matinee finish as the man says then
It's cool because he does not stay that thing.
Curious I have been speaking with
all correct that he is very firm is legal
will spread base on face
so you there all this with the dust
Where are the people here? I'm going to use this kind of
intense and I thought of Rosarno beyond
kit because I do not have to see with the brush
then I'll apply with the brush
normal, we 'll even use it for
cancel all this we enceladus so it is
fixed in the corrective base that people
now let's go to the shower
I'll use this one from nec corp se
call forward grassroots action here
Up but do not remember a thing.
very beautiful and I no longer know if two in
other videos he's gorgeous and let the
glows so do not trust
totally at night like this and it is inserted
very firm also has something that never
very strong and I'll pass, but it's all
crazy toward the ear
Now I will tell the face with bronze that
is the value of the benefit it is a bronze
in powder
He does not know what bruno he is for you.
get around the face you can do more
things leave as thin face and such
What I do, I'll get this brush.
if I think they have much the work of
contour I'll pick up with the brass era
that comes in the wheel and I'm doing the
outline in the corner you pull and also a
bit down so the cheese
on the sides of her face she already the face
finer to give a format so the
contour even in taste
now only the name on the dock is missing
I'm going to use nf-e civilian hayling
miniature version understand a little bit
less than the original value I got
come alone to make some droplets in the
my body the points that I want
illuminate and then spread with the inside
then personal this end result is that
did you like do not remember
But I'll leave it written here.
price to pay for this kit for you
have a notion of court believed that
the cast is very cheap so far
I was scared when I saw the price and then if I
I remember now so dvds tape
right price but the store link already
feel that you will be here in the box informed
that was drawing after this
I have liked the video if you
Did you not forget to give that one?
I liked it down here, I'm going to be very
Happy kisses and I'll see you in the
Next video bye
and so did 90 students in line at the
The time I went to get the woman was
behind me I was commenting with
So, our fidel looks like a pair of panties.
But I do not think you know I liked it then.
I do not see any way I found it beautiful and
Let's not go like this, I guess.
I like to watch in me so I would use
even this way the power